WIP: Add docs for freeze transactions (#1656)
hyperledger/indy-node: docs/source/requests.md

}
```

### LEDGERS_FREEZE

> Freeze deprecated ledgers (default ledgers such as the domain, config, pool, and audit ledgers cannot be frozen). If a ledger is frozen it can be used for reading but not for writing. It will not be caught up by new nodes and can be safely removed (frozen ledgers can't be unfreeze). After freeze you can delete frozen ledger via [remove_ledger.py] (https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-node/blob/master/scripts/remove_ledger.py), but reeding from the ledger will become impossible.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Freeze deprecated ledgers (default ledgers such as the domain, config, pool, and audit ledgers cannot be frozen). If a ledger is frozen it can be used for reading but not for writing. It will not be caught up by new nodes and can be safely removed (frozen ledgers can't be unfrozen). After freeze you can delete frozen ledger via [remove_ledger.py] (https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-node/blob/master/scripts/remove_ledger.py), but reading from the ledger will become impossible.
```

Reviewer 2: Thanks for catching this. I fixed the typos while making more substantial changes to this paragraph.

### LEDGERS_FREEZE

> Freeze deprecated ledgers (default ledgers such as the domain, config, pool, and audit ledgers cannot be frozen). If a ledger is frozen it can be used neither for reading not for writing. It will not be caught up by new nodes and can be safely removed (frozen ledgers can't be unfreeze). After freeze you can delete frozen ledger via [remove_ledger.py] (https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-node/blob/master/scripts/remove_ledger.py).

Reviewer 3: We can reed from a frozen ledger (!) but after removing it via remove_ledger.py, this is impossible.

### LEDGERS_FREEZE

> Freeze deprecated ledgers (base ledgers POOL, CONFIG, AUDIT and DOMAIN can't be frozen). System completely ignore frozen ledgers. Frozen ledgers can't be unfreeze. After freeze you can delete frozen ledger via [remove_ledger.py] (https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-node/blob/master/scripts/remove_ledger.py).

Reviewer: Deleting a frozen ledger that contains transactions has an adverse affect on being able to audit history.  Refer to https://github.com/hyperledger/indy-node/issues/1659 for additional details.

The ramifications of deleting a frozen ledger should be clearly documented.

Reviewer 2: I agree. I made this more explicit, and removed the link to the deletion script (they can find it by following the link to the plenum documentation I included).
